## Peatio 1.6.0 (April 3, 2018) ##

### Overview ###

  This release is focused on:
  
  1. Migrating market pairs to database layer.
  
  2. Implementation of `Management API v1`: server-to-server API with high privileges.
  
  The release also includes various fixes and improvements.
  
### Breaking changes ###

* [#412](https://github.com/rubykube/peatio/pull/412): Migrate markets.yaml to database.

  The patch moves `ActiveYaml::Base` model `Market` to database layer. All market pairs are now fully stored in database instead of YAML file.
 
  **Migration steps**:
  
  1. Copy `config/markets.yml` to `config/markets.old.yml` and to `config/seed/markets.yml`.
  
  2. Make the next edits in `config/seed/markets.yml`:
  
     2.1 Remove field `code` from all records.
  
     2.2 Rename `sort_order` to `position`.
     
     2.3 Rename `base_unit` to `ask_unit`.
     
     2.4 Rename `quote_unit` to `bid_unit`.
     
     2.5 Move `ask.fee` to `ask_fee`.
     
     2.6 Move `bid.fee` to `bid_fee`.
     
     2.7 Remove `ask.currency`.
     
     2.8 Remove `bid.currency`.
     
     2.9 Move `ask.fixed` to `ask_precision`.
     
     2.10 Move `bid.fixed` to `bid_precision`.
     
  3. Execute `bundle exec rake db:seed`.
     
### New features ###

* [#740](https://github.com/rubykube/peatio/pull/740): Implement API for server-to-server communication called `Management API`.

  The API is designed for server-to-server communication. You can use this API for extending Peatio functionality or integrating, for example, custom payment processing service. The API is quite easy to use and is friendly with enterprise standards like accounting and analytics.
  
  The authentication is based on JWT token in complete format allowing to have multiple signatures.
  
  We developed and published new Ruby Gem for working with nested signatures in JWT. The Gem [jwt-multisig](https://rubygems.org/gems/jwt-multisig) lives at [GitHub repository](https://github.com/rubykube/jwt-multisig). You should use it for signing requests for Peatio from your service.
  
  You can use `config/management_api_v1.yml` (available only after `bin/init_config`) for customization of security rules for the API. You are free to choose what signatures any API action requires, configure JWT verification options and, of course, set public keys used for verification of signatures. The security documentation for API is embedded in the `management_api_v1.yml` file.

  The patch includes the next API actions:
  
  * Ability to list deposits (including filters).
  * Ability to list withdraws (including filters).
  * Ability to get single deposit.
  * Ability to get single withdraw.
  * Ability to create deposit.
  * Ability to create withdraw.
  * Ability to accept deposit on Peatio and load money.
  * Ability to submit withdraw for processing by Peatio.
  * Ability to get server time.

  The Swagger documentation for this API is available locally by visiting `http://localhost:3000/swagger?url=/management_api/v1/swagger` or by checking out `docs/api/management_api_v1.md`.

  The deposit states were refactored:
  
  * State `submitting` was renamed to `submitted`.
  * State `cancelled` was renamed to `canceled`.
  * State `checked` was removed.
  * State `warning` was removed.

  The withdraw states were refactored:
  
  * State `submitting` was renamed to `prepared`.
  * State `cancelled` was renamed to `canceled`.
  * State `suspect` was renamed to `suspected`.
  * State `done` was renamed to `succeed`.

  The changes to `Member API v2` include:
  
  * The changes to field `state` affect the next API endpoints: `GET /api/v2/deposits`, `GET /api/v2/deposit`, `GET /api/v2/withdraws`, `POST /api/v2/withdraws`.
  
  * `POST /api/v2/withdraws` is now deprecated and will be removed in further releases.

* [#701](https://github.com/rubykube/peatio/pull/701): Ability to retrieve solvency information through API. 

  The patch adds several endpoints designed to work with solvency information:
  
  * `/api/v2/solvency/liability_proofs/latest`
  * `/api/v2/solvency/liability_proofs/partial_tree/mine`
  
  You can open Swagger documentation locally by visiting `http://localhost:3000/swagger?url=/api/v2/swagger` or by checking out `docs/api/member_api_v2.md`.

### Enhancements ###

* [#727](https://github.com/rubykube/peatio/pull/727): Update loofah to 2.2.

  The patch fixes reported security issues.

* [#648](https://github.com/rubykube/peatio/pull/648): Speed up Docker image build.

  The patch is an experimental attempt to speed up Docker images build on TravisCI.

* [#721](https://github.com/rubykube/peatio/pull/721): Remove `Currency#quick_withdraw_limit`.

  The patch removes unnecessary convertation of `quick_withdraw_limit` to `BigDecimal`.

* [#726](https://github.com/rubykube/peatio/pull/726): Remove translations not used by Peatio.

  The patch removes leftovers from translation data after extraction of trading UI to separate application.

### Fixes ###

* [#741](https://github.com/rubykube/peatio/pull/741): Stop «Exchange assets» tab from breaking without liability proof generated && remove redundant `AssetsController#partial_tree`.

  The patch applies changes so page «Exchange assets» will now handle situation when solvency information is not available.

* [#737](https://github.com/rubykube/peatio/pull/737): Display `Currency#code` instead of `Currency#to_s` at `/admin/proofs`.

* [#776](https://github.com/rubykube/peatio/pull/776): Handle specific response for ETH wallet from BitGo when generating new address.

  The BitGo API reference [method for creation of new address](https://bitgo.github.io/bitgo-docs/?shell#create-address) for some reasons returns different response when used with ETH wallets. This doesn't work with Peatio will. We don't know why this happens so we pushed patch which can handle such response. We believe BitGo may have another undocumented incompatibilities.
  
  The patch was also pusher to branch `1-5-stable`.
